add api support for abci streaming to external systems (#952)
provenance-io/provenance: app/streaming/README.md

Implementations must be added `app/streaming/streaming.go` for the App to be able to load the service when enabled. 
See the [configuration](#configuration) section for how to configure a service.

```go
// app/streaming/streaming.go

// StreamServiceInitializers contains a map of supported StreamServiceInitializer implementations
var StreamServiceInitializers = map[string]streaming.StreamServiceInitializer{
	"trace": trace.StreamServiceInitializer,
}
```

## `StreamService`

This interface is defined as:

```go
// internal/streaming/streaming.go

// StreamService interface used to hook into the ABCI message processing of the BaseApp
type StreamService interface {
    // StreamBeginBlocker updates the streaming service with the latest BeginBlock messages
    StreamBeginBlocker(ctx sdk.Context, req abci.RequestBeginBlock, res abci.ResponseBeginBlock)
    // StreamEndBlocker updates the steaming service with the latest EndBlock messages
    StreamEndBlocker(ctx sdk.Context, req abci.RequestEndBlock, res abci.ResponseEndBlock)
}
```

Take a look at [app/streaming/trace/service/service.go](./trace/service/service.go) for an implementation example of this interface.

## Configuration

> Streaming services are configured in the `streaming` TOML mapping in the App's `app.toml` file. There are two parameters

Reviewer: With the addition of the `custom.toml` option, we should say to put this in there.

```suggestion
Streaming services are configured in the `streaming` TOML mapping which can be placed in the App's `custom.toml` file. There are two parameters
```
